Update 07.pathogenesis.md (#1029)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/07.pathogenesis.md

The presentation of SARS-CoV-2 infection is therefore likely to be largely distinct between adult and pediatric populations.
However, not all cases of severe COVID-19 in children are characterizable as MIS-C.
A recent study [@doi:10.1001/jama.2021.2091] described demographic and clinical variables associated with MIS-C in comparison with non-MIS-C severe acute COVID-19 in young people in the United States.

> Research is ongoing into the differences between pediatric and adult immune response to SARS-CoV-2, and future research may shed light on the factors which lead to MIS-C; it is also unknown whether the relative advantages of children against severe COVID-19 will remain in the face of current and future variants [@doi:10.1038/d41586-021-02423-8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Research is ongoing into the differences between the pediatric and adult immune responses to SARS-CoV-2, and future research may shed light on the factors that lead to MIS-C; it is also unknown whether the relative advantages of children against severe COVID-19 will remain in the face of current and future variants [@doi:10.1038/d41586-021-02423-8].
```
